com/msg/kafka_study/ProducerSync.java
 com.msg.kafka_study.ProducerSync
org/example/repository/SendMessageRepository.java
 org.example.repository.SendMessageRepository
com/msg/kafka_study/ConsumerAuto.java
 com.msg.kafka_study.ConsumerAuto
org/example/repository/UserSubscriptionsRepository.java
 org.example.repository.UserSubscriptionsRepository
org/example/model/UserResponse.java
 org.example.model.UserResponse
org/example/model/TodoRequest.java
 org.example.model.TodoRequest
com/msg/kafka_study/ProducerAsync.java
 com.msg.kafka_study.ProducerAsync
com/msg/kafka_study/ProducerFireForgot.java
 com.msg.kafka_study.ProducerFireForgot
org/example/controller/KafkaController.java
 org.example.controller.KafkaController
org/example/model/UserReceiveMessagesEntity.java
 org.example.model.UserReceiveMessagesEntity
org/example/services/TodoService.java
 org.example.services.TodoService
org/example/model/TodoEntity.java
 org.example.model.TodoEntity
org/example/controller/TodoController.java
 org.example.controller.TodoController
org/example/repository/VoteRepository.java
 org.example.repository.VoteRepository
org/example/TodoServerApplication.java
 org.example.TodoServerApplication
org/example/model/TodoResponse.java
 org.example.model.TodoResponse
org/example/repository/TodoRepository.java
 org.example.repository.TodoRepository
org/example/services/EmailService.java
 org.example.services.EmailService
com/msg/kafka_study/KafkaStudyApplication.java
 com.msg.kafka_study.KafkaStudyApplication
org/example/model/UserRequest.java
 org.example.model.UserRequest
com/msg/kafka_study/ConsumerAsync.java
 com.msg.kafka_study.ConsumerAsync
com/msg/kafka_study/ConsumerSync.java
 com.msg.kafka_study.ConsumerSync
com/msg/kafka_study/PeterProducerCallback.java
 com.msg.kafka_study.PeterProducerCallback
org/example/controller/KafkaProducerController.java
 org.example.controller.KafkaProducerController
org/example/model/UserEntity.java
 org.example.model.UserEntity
org/example/repository/UserRepository.java
 org.example.repository.UserRepository
org/example/model/MessageRequest.java
 org.example.model.MessageRequest
org/example/model/UserSendMessagesEntity.java
 org.example.model.UserSendMessagesEntity
org/example/repository/ReceiveMessageRepository.java
 org.example.repository.ReceiveMessageRepository
org/example/controller/UserController.java
 org.example.controller.UserController
org/example/services/UserService.java
 org.example.services.UserService
org/example/controller/KafkaConsumerController.java
 org.example.controller.KafkaConsumerController
org/example/controller/MessageController.java
 org.example.controller.MessageController
